welcome back to a brand new episode of
John shaft say I'm going to make a beef
burger or you know so I think you said
before you know if these four here
before you know beef for me peace
burgundy are these pornos ones things
so the first thing you want to do is
turn our oven on to 350 and next we have
to cut some bacon so okay here is a
piece of pork belly smoked pork belly
that I cut into order of thickness I
want so I'm gonna cut about six pieces
of bacon off of this
and then I'm gonna set this aside next
I've got two yellow onions and I'm gonna
break these down and dice them next I
just have to taste couple carrots
so here I have my Dutch oven I'm gonna
do is just heat this over medium-high
heat and I'm gonna Brown my bacon now
what I've got here is some beef chuck
which I've cut up into like an inch and
a half cubes
I put kosher salt on it and pepper and
I'm basically just going to put it in
the pot for like 45 minutes so that
Browns on all sides but not all if it'll
do to have it so I'm gonna add my
carrots and my onions
and I'm just gonna Brown these for about
four minutes
can reduce my heat down to low in here
I've got three tablespoons of flour
which I'm basically just got something
all the top and stir it for about a
minute okay okay so my Flyers
incorporated you just add money beef
back in and all my baby backing as well
is a quarter cup of brandy please
if you do this you should do it don't
burn your house then I don't okay that
was totally so I've got my stove on
medium low today I'm gonna add three
cups of red wine something full body is
like a burgundy would be great mountain
for body water
I'm gonna cut behalf of beef stock
tablespoon of tomato paste 2 bay leaves
and add 5 cloves of garlic
that's not my own for about two hours at
350 dudes so my brains just about done
worm doing here is I'm just melting down
a couple tablespoons of butter and once
it's totally melted I'm gonna add a
bunch of mushrooms okay so I add my cut
mushrooms today so I'm basically gonna
saute these two they're brown up to five
minutes
okay these are looking pretty good
I'm just gonna pour those off into a
bowl and I got some pearl onions if you
can get frozen you can use frozen
otherwise you get some fresh just for
the food
but instead competes for about five
minutes until they brown up a little bit
and then we'll have this uh a little bit
of water and give them the further will
be good to go so when we do some half a
cup of water to this I cover it and
cover about three the four minutes so
and once that's done we can add to our
mushrooms and then we'll go to our
breeze so my brain should be done here
I'm just gonna take a little look-see so
I think I've done that I'm gonna add
those along with my mushrooms